these relationships between pathological
narcissism and attachment are important
because attachment studies can draw
direct lines between early care
experiences and adult Psychopathology
and that's because attachment
researchers have studied parent child
interactions categorizing infants into
attachment categories during the first
few years of life and then following
those children through development and
into adulthood looking at pathological
narcissism through the lens of
attachment provides a glimpse into the
inter internal working models of
grandiose and vulnerable narcissists and
it also gives us Clues concerning how
those internal working models were
formed